doc: nrf: known_issues: add NCSDK-37741 to known issues (#28457)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

  **Workaround:** Set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MAIN_STACK_SIZE` to ``2048``.

> NCSDK-37741: Increased System ON ALL Idle current on nRF54L series SoCs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-37741: Increased System On All Idle current on nRF54L series SoCs
```

Reviewer: Seems like this is not fixed.

Author: Now fixed

>   An increased current consumption of approximately 150uA at 3V is observed while in System ON ALL Idle mode and GRTC is sourced from LFXO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  An increased current consumption of approximately 150 µA at 3 V is observed while in System ON All Idle mode and GRTC is sourced from LFXO.
```

>   An increased current consumption of approximately 150uA at 3V is observed while in System ON ALL Idle mode and GRTC is sourced from LFXO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An increased current consumption of approximately 150 uA at 3 V is observed while in System On All Idle current mode and GRTC is sourced from LFXO.
```

Author: applied

>   An increased current consumption of approximately 150 uA at 3 V is observed while in System On All Idle current mode and GRTC is sourced from LFXO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  An increased current consumption of approximately 150 µA at 3 V is observed while in System On All Idle current mode and GRTC is sourced from LFXO.
```
Use the proper micro symbol.

Author: applied

>   **Workaround:** To fix the issue, cherry-pick commit from the upstream `Zephyr PR #104259 <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/pull/104259>`_.

Reviewer 2: Add Zephyr PR #104259 to the links.txt and use it.

In links.txt:
.. _`Zephyr PR #104259`: https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/pull/104259

Using it here:
`Zephyr PR #104259`_

Author: applied

Reviewer 3: late to see this, thought better late than never.

I think you should phrase this in a way that the increased current consumption is possible in some scenarios but it does not happen all the time.
